iOS READMEs - Maps (#852)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Generate offline map (basemap by reference)/README.md

## How to use the sample

1. Tap on "Generate Offline Map".
2. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap which is already on the device.
3. If you choose to download the online basemap, the offline map will be generated with the same (topographic) basemap as the online web map.
4. To download the Esri basemap, you may be prompted to sign in to ArcGIS.com.
5. If you choose to use the basemap from the device, the offline map will be generated with the local imagery basemap. The download will be quicker since no tiles are exported or downloaded.

> 6. Since the application is not exporting online ArcGIS Online basemaps you will not need to log-in.

Author: Sure. I'll consult Mike to see how to fix these... Thanks for pointing that out!

> 6. Since the application is not exporting online ArcGIS Online basemaps you will not need to log-in.

Author: Also I'll open another issue to update this design later.

> 6. Since the application is not exporting online ArcGIS Online basemaps you will not need to log-in.

Author: This is fixed, while I won't change the original design, as it involves some cross platform behaviors.

## How to use the sample

> When the app starts, tap on "Generate Offline Map" button. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the local "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap which is already on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the sample and tap the "Generate Offline Map" button. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the local "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap which is already on the device.
```
